{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Optima-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\pard\tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-3260\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Patrick Hill
\f1\fs34 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	
\b Role in Story:
\b0 	7
\fs18 \super th
\fs26 \nosupersub  Grader. Gay kid, victim of bullying 
\b \
	Occupation:
\b0 	As an adult: a straggling for recognition artist, make a living from guiding tourist in modern art museum.\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b Physical Description:
\b0 	As a kid: caucasian, thin, weak, pretty baby face.\
		As an adult: Asa Butterfield in his upper mid 30\'92s. Most of the time use sunglasses. \
	
\b Personality:
\b0 	As a kid: Good boy. Don\'92t like to fight. Don\'92t know how to stand on his own.\
		Hates himself for being helpless. \
		As an adult: a rebellion, hates the system, do not trust people nor governments except the people closest.\
	
\b Habits/Mannerisms:
\b0 	Read comics. \
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Background:
\b0 	Came from a poor family. One toddler sister. His father is an alcohol addict. His mother submissive. \
		They go to church (the father not always). Family with no agenda. Trying to survive while 80\'92s economy is bad.\

\b 	Weakness:	
\b0 more interesting\
	
\b Strength: 	
\b0 less interesting\

\b 	Will:	
\b0 more interesting\
	
\b need: 	
\b0 less interesting\
	
\b Internal Conflicts:
\b0 	He knows is gay. He knows its a sin. Sometimes he thinks that he deserve to suffer for being attract to boys. \
	
\b External Conflicts:
\b0 	He is submissive, but he is trying to be the best boy he can. Yet, there are no rewords for him but being bullied.\
\pard\tx9020\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \'a0	\ulnone \
\pard\tx360\tqr\tx2700\tx3240\tx3740\li3260\fi-2900\sl288\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	
\b Notes:
\b0 	}